BOYD: Previously on From...
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
MARTIN: There's darkness
in the forest.
Nightmares you can't
even begin to imagine.
(GRUNTING. SHOUTING)
My blood
is your blood now.
Every time I see
something really weird.
I see this symbol.
(SCREAMS)
I've seen this.
Like in a vision
or something?
TABITHA: No. on the
walls in the tunnels.
Victor said
his mother wanted to
rescue the children
that were locked
in the tower.
That it was the only way
to get everyone home.
All this time
I thought the children
were trying to scare me.
but what if they're
just asking for my help?
(CICADAS BUZZING)
Do you hear that?
Help me!
Please! Please.
I need help!
She was talking
in her sleep.
BOYD: What did she say?
"They touch.
they break.
they steal.
No one here is free."
BOYD: There's something else
here now. Something new.
It's not safe for anyone
to go to sleep tonight.
Every one of you...
Get him upstairs!
...is gonna fucking die!
Get him outta here now!
ELGIN: I just
remembered my dream.
There was this boy
all dressed in white.
and he kept repeating
the same phrase.
"Here they come...
(CICADAS BUZZING)
"...they come for three.
"unless you stop the melody."
(CHOKING)
BAKTA: I know that one.
It's an old
nursery rhyme.
(SCREAMING)
"They touch. they break.
"they steal.
no one here is free.
"Here they come.
they come for three.
"unless you stop
the melody."
Julie! Stop!
(SCREAMING)
(CICADAS BUZZING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
They're upstairs.
(DOOR CLOSING)
Your mom and...
Victor took Ethan
to the diner.
Hey. uh. Boyd...
You should go upstairs
just in case they
need your help.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
That kid should
be picking out
a prom dress.
not laying
in there like...
The problem is
there's too much
we don't know.
It's like opening
a book and starting
from the middle
or trying to imagine
what a jigsaw puzzle
looks like
when all you have
is a few random
pieces. right?
And not even
the helpful ones.
like corners or edges.
Just vague fucking...
The trick is
you find two pieces
that connect.
Then at least
you have
a place to start.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
Hey. hey.
Where are you going?
We need to talk
to Sara.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
(ENGINE RUMBLES)
(BRAKES SQUEALING)
Well. if we can't
sleep anymore.
then what's the point?
I'm telling you.
we should all
just fucking go.
Get some supplies. set out.
and see what we can find.
Boyd tried
that already.
Yeah. well.
maybe Boyd
isn't the end-all.
be-all answer
to everything.
(SIGHS)
What are we even
doing out here?
Randall was an asshole.
Yeah. well.
you're an
asshole. too.
and I wouldn't
leave you
out here to rot.
Aw. fuck me.
Finally get out
of my goddamn room
and I'm on
corpse-collecting duty.
Go check out
down there.
Elgin. this way.
Appreciate you coming.
It feels good to
do something useful.
Oh. you've done plenty.
That dream of yours.
for all we know
that'll prove to be
the answer to this.
Weird as that
fucking sounds.
Yeah. maybe.
DALE: You're gonna
want to see this!
I don't think
this guy's dead.
Oh. shit.
Fuck.
Oh.
Didn't you say there'd be
dead monsters out here?
(EXHALES)
So much
for silver bullets.
Yeah. Get him in the van.
Aw. fuck.
Get him in the van!
Okay.
(SCREAMS)
Jesus!
Her pulse is
nice and strong
and she's taking
big. deep breaths.
Let's see here.
(SCREAMS)
TABITHA: Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. What's happening?
Oh. what's happening?
I don't know!
What's going on?
What's happening?
I don't... I don't know!
Do something!
(SCREAMS)
JIM: Whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa!
Julie! Julie!
Oh. my God!
JIM: What is this?
I don't know.
(SCREAMING)
FATIMA: Marielle!
Marielle!
Hey. hey.
Hey. look at me.
Marielle. Marielle.
talk to me!
(SCREAMING)
(QUE SERA. SERA
(WHATEVER WILL BE.
WILL BE) PLAYS)
♪♪ When I was just
a little boy
♪♪ I asked my father
♪♪ "What will I be?"
♪♪ "Will I be handsome?"
♪♪ "Will I be rich?"
♪♪ Here's what he said to me
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ Whatever will be will be
♪♪ The future's
not ours to see
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ What will be will be
♪♪ Now I have
children of my own
♪♪ They ask their father
♪♪ "What will I be?"
♪♪ "Will I be pretty?"
♪♪ "Will I be rich?"
♪♪ I tell them tenderly
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ Whatever will be will be
♪♪ The future's
not ours to see
♪♪ Que sera sera
♪♪ What will be will be
♪♪ Que sera sera ♪♪
(CICADAS BUZZING)
SARA: So. how is this
supposed to help?
BOYD: When we were
in the forest.
you said a little boy in white
told you to get into the tree.
It's the same tree
that put me in the
goddamn chamber
where all this started.
SARA: So...
BOYD: Well. it turns out
Elgin had a dream about
a little boy in white.
Told him part of
a nursery rhyme.
The same one
Paula kept repeating
before she died.
"They touch.
they break.
they steal.
"no one here is free.
"Here they come.
they come for three.
"unless you stop
the melody."
That make
any sense to you?
No.
Anything else
you can tell me
about the little boy?
He was trying
to help us.
Okay. so this
random little kid
is running around
a magical forest
doing good?
Popping up in
people's dreams and...
I don't think
he really was
a little boy.
Come on.
Hey. Sara.
listen up.
This is it
right now.
When I told you
there was a chance
that you could still
do some good.
that you could help
the people here...
It's right now.
you understand?
Okay.
It's right
over there.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
All right.
This is it.
This whole.
whole thing was a...
there was a...
There was someone chained
to a wall right here.
Right here.
Then there was a hole
that went down
40. 50 feet.
And I had...
What's wrong?
I can hear it.
The music.
It's here.
What are you
talking about?
The music box.
It's... It's here.
Where?
Right there.
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
It's here.
There's... There's no
music box here. Sara.
Yeah. no. there is.
There is.
I can... I can hear it.
I'm telling you. I... I can...
What's wrong?
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
I can hear
them screaming.
What?
There's... There's...
There's something.
It's here.
It's hurting them.
(SCREAMS)
Boyd. what the fuck
is going on?
Hey. Sara. Sara.
Talk... Talk...
Talk to me.
"Here they come.
they come for three."
It needs them!
It needs them to stay.
It needs them to...
Okay.
(SCREAMS)
Okay. We gotta
get her out of here.
Come on.
Kenny. Kenny.
come on!
Yeah.
Come on. come on.
come on. buddy.
Lift up. There we go.
Come on.
(SCREAMING)
It's all right.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
SARA: No. don't!
Stop! Stop!
BOYD:
Okay. Okay.
All right.
It's laughing at you.
What?
For bringing it
back to town.
For setting it free.
It wants to hurt us.
It wants to
make us suffer.
It got so excited
when it touched
your arm.
BOYD: How do I
stop this? Sara?
(SCREAMS)
How do I stop it?
Julie.
Julie?
Ju... Julie.
(SCREAMS)
Julie.
Julie and the others.
Yeah.
They're dying.
And when they die.
it'll be too late.
(PANTING)
You need
to make it stop!
Okay.
Make what stop?
The music! The music!
You have to make
the music stop!
Okay. how?
How do I stop
something I can't see?
I don't know!
Okay. okay. okay.
(SCREAMS)
Oh. All right. All right.
(SCREAMING. CRYING)
Okay.
TILLIE: Just breathe.
(WATER BUBBLING)
That's it.
Just breathe.
Close your eyes.
Let's pray.
Yea. though I walk through
the valley of
the shadow of death...
I will fear no evil.
for Thou art with me.
Thy rod and Thy staff
they comfort me...
Matthias?
Take the guns
and lock them
in the shed.
I don't want them
in the house.
We managed to
make it through
the night.
Now we just have
to see about today.
Okay.
Jim.
Come on.
There's something
I have to do.
and I need you
to say it's okay.
The last time
Victor saw his mother.
she told him that
there were children
locked in a tower.
That if she helped them.
then everyone
could go home.
I don't understand.
All...
All these children
I've been seeing.
the dreams I've been
having about a tower...
What if she was right?
What if the only way
to save Julie is to
find that tower?
Tabby...
Honey. I know.
I know it sounds crazy.
I had a theory
about this place
that almost
got me killed.
Well. this is different.
How?
It just is.
(SCOFFS)
Jim. our daughter
is laying in that room
like something
out of a nightmare.
She called for me
last night.
and I couldn't do
anything to help her.
I was just
standing there...
And all I could think
and see was
Thomas lying on
the fucking floor.
I can't.
I can't. Jim.
We can't sit here
hoping for the best.
Victor's mother
left this place.
and she never
came back.
Whatever she went to do.
she never came back.
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
Victor had to
grow up here alone.
What if that
happens to you?
I know.
That's why I need
you to tell me that
it's okay for me to go.
I have to
try this. Jim.
Please.
When Julie wakes up.
she's gonna be hungry.
We make her favourite.
Hey.
We brought home food.
Oh. good.
Um. Victor.
can I talk to you
for a minute. please?
Is Victor in trouble?
No. no.
You come help me.
Uh...
You said your mother
wanted to rescue
the children
that were locked
in the tower.
Do you know the way
to the tower?
Mm.
But I...
I know the way
to the bottle tree.
The what?
(SIGHS)
(MURMURING)
This is how you
get to the tower.
You... You have to
visit the bottle tree.
Can you take me there?
I think so.
Can you
give us a second?
Jim. I have to try this.
I have to at least try.
I just...
I know. I know.
I know. baby. I know.
(EXHALES)
(SOBBING)
So. what are we
supposed to do?
(CICADAS BUZZING)
We head back
to town.
Wait. wait. wait. what?
She just said that
the music box is here.
It's here.
We have to find it.
we have to...
Yeah. how do you
expect we do that?
I don't know.
but I'm pretty sure
it's not by going
back into town!
People's lives
are at stake here!
Hey. I don't need
a fucking reminder
of what's at stake!
There's nothing
we can do here.
Not yet.
Look. we're dealing
with things that are
beyond our scope of...
We know more now than
we knew this morning.
That's a win.
Okay.
Yeah.
So. what are we...
What are we supposed
to tell people?
We tell people that
we are working on it.
The best thing
we can do now
is help people
feel a little
more calmer.
Help 'em feel
less afraid.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Good man.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
(PEOPLE CHATTING INDISTINCTLY)
Hey.
You all right?
Why do people
always ask that when
the answer's obvious?
Look. man.
I'm sorry
about last night.
Putting you in that room.
we were just trying to...
It was my fault.
I lost my shit.
Paula was the one
who was good in a crisis.
I never realised
how fragile we are.
How easily we break.
I was downstairs
making dinner
like an idiot.
There was nothing
you could've done.
This was nobody's fault.
Yeah.
Nobody's fault.
How's he doing?
I just can't imagine
what I'd do if
something like that...
If it was you.
(EXHALES)
(SIGHS)
Hey. come here.
It wasn't me.
Let's get married.
Today.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah.
Look. we have no idea
what's gonna happen.
or if your dad's
gonna find a way to...
(CHUCKLES)
If this is the end.
then I want it to
end with you.
I wanna get married.
Okay.
Okay?
(LAUGHS) Okay.
yeah. sure. Yeah.
(KNOCKING)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(GLASS RATTLING)
(GASPS)
Uh...
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(EXHALES)
So. this is what
you're doing
with my bar?
It's a thought
experiment.
Ah.
I used to find
this helpful
when I was
developing my. um...
You died.
Correct.
Okay.
Well. just wanted to
make sure we were
on the same page.
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
Well. aren't you gonna
ask me if I'm real?
I imagine this is some
sort of stress-induced
psychosis.
and you will
disappear
soon enough
on your own.
So what's all this
supposed to do?
It's a way of
reorienting
my perspective.
I'm trying to...
Trying to find
a different way to
look at this symbol.
Why?
(SIGHS) Why...
Because I've been
looking at it wrong.
(EXHALES)
There's gotta be
an answer here.
I'm just...
I'm not seeing it.
(SIGHS)
You know
I just thought...
What? What is it?
You changed the still.
You're welcome.
I think you're
overthinking it.
Oh. do you.
dead Tom?
In what way? Hmm?
You already know
what you have to do.
Tabitha told you
she saw this symbol
down in the tunnels.
The question is.
how far are you
willing to go
to find answers?
Going down into
those tunnels
would be insane.
Even if it saves
Julie's life?
Oh. fuck.
You know. I don't
even know if I'd find
anything down there!
Of course you do.
It's natural design.
Same reason your
brain's in your skull.
your heart's
behind your ribs.
Nature will always put
what's most precious
in the spots most
difficult to reach.
Nothing about this
place is natural.
Wrong.
Nothing about this
place is familiar.
There's a difference.
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
If there's answers
to be found...
And granted. that's a...
That's a big if.
that's where they'll be.
All right. so I'm
supposed to what?
I'm supposed to
take advice from some...
You ran into a house
that was falling down
to save Tabitha
and she wasn't
even there.
And you know what?
Given the choice.
I'd do the same thing again.
Well. then you're
a fucking idiot. Like...
(LAUGHS)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
You don't make
moral choices based
on the outcomes
you expect.
You make them
based on whether or not
you think they're right.
When I ran into that house.
I wasn't thinking
about the Trolley Problem.
or determinism. or...
Wasn't thinking
of any of that.
There's a 16-year-old
girl over there
who needs your help.
Did you bury Paula?
What?
Did you bury Paula yet?
Jesus Christ.
I'll do it.
I'll go and find
some people to help.
Boyd?
Yeah.
You're doing
the best you can.
(DOOR OPENING)
Fuck it!
(BELL CLANGING)
(CLANGING)
You putting
the guns away?
Yeah. Donna was
worried about leaving
them in the house.
No. it's smart.
You need a hand?
No. I'm just about done.
(GRUNTS)
(CHOKING)
It's okay.
(SHUSHING)
It's okay. It's okay.
You're just gonna
go a little sooner
than the rest of us.
Everything's a system.
Everything's connected.
(BREATHING DEEPLY)
Everything's
gonna be fine.
Fuck my life.
(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
No. no. no. no. no. no!
(TAPPING FLASHLIGHT)
Fucking piece of shit!
Come on!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CREATURE SCREAMS)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
Okay.
Okay. I got this.
Easy peasy.
Easy fucking peasy.
(DOOR CREAKS)
Anybody up there?
Tell you what...
If you are up there...
You're a real fucking
asshole. you know that?
You enjoying this?
If Khatri were here.
Khatri would say.
"God moves
in mysterious ways."
Oh. yeah. yeah.
'cause Khatri
had a plan.
He thought you
put him here
for a reason. He...
He thought that
we were gonna walk
out into those woods
like Butch Cassidy
and the motherfucking
Sundance Kid!
He thought
that right up
until the time
one of those things
slit his fucking throat!
What did he do
with his last breaths?
He prayed.
He gasped out
that fucking prayer
so that you would know.
So that he could
show you that he had
never lost faith.
You know what.
motherfucker?
I ain't here to pray.
If you are anything
other than some
bedtime fucking story
that we tell ourselves.
then you will tell me why!
Why you made me
think I could fix this?
Some kind of fucking hero
gonna lead these people home.
when all I am is
a dumb motherfucker
who keeps getting
people killed!
Damn it!
You fuck. You think
this is funny?
Huh? You up there somewhere
having a fucking laugh?
Huh? Huh?
Just... answer me!
Answer me!
Huh?
Say something!
You know...
Tampering with a mailbox
is a federal crime.
(KNOCKING)
Come in.
How's she doing?
She's getting worse.
She's. um.
she's getting cold.
Is this
really it?
how it ends?
(SIGHS)
I don't know.
You know. ever since
she walked off that bus
I actually
allowed myself
to believe that
there was a plan
to all of this.
That there was
something we were
meant to do here.
But there's no...
There's no grand design.
We're all gonna
die here.
And all this would have
been for nothing.
You know.
my dad used to say.
"It's hard to
see the sweater
"when you're
only just a thread."
I didn't really know
what he meant 'til now.
All of the people
that have gotten
stuck here...
Maybe we aren't
the ones that
get to go home.
but maybe
what we did here
makes it easier
for the people
who come next.
Maybe we're the reason
that they get to go home.
Just because
we're only a thread
doesn't mean
we don't matter.
There ya go.
Last thing you need
is Khatri haunting you
over everything else.
It's too late
for that.
Julie and Marielle.
Randall.
Sara says
they're dying.
And once they're gone.
there's no
putting the genie
back in the bottle.
Whatever this thing is.
it just waits for us
to go to sleep
and then...
Like Paula.
Yeah.
She said
the music box
is there.
right there
in the clearing.
Only it's not there.
Like looking at
an instruction manual
with too many
pages missing.
How am I...
How am I supposed...
I saw my wife
last night.
How'd she look?
There's gotta
be rules. Donna.
There's gotta be something
I can hold in my hands.
There's got to be so...
I did this.
I brought this
thing back here.
Yup. You sure did.
You also gave
a whole bunch of people
a lot more time
than they would've had
if wasn't for you.
You gave me
more time.
Your son is about
to get married.
Nothing official.
I guess.
It's not like we have
a priest anymore.
They're making
the most of whatever
time they have.
You should do
the same.
Come back to
Colony House
with me.
I'm not giving up.
(CHUCKLES)
Did I say give up?
(GROANS)
Boyd. this may be
the last few hours
any of us get.
So. why don't you
just stop being
a goddamn martyr
and come and watch
your son get married.
The end of the world'll
still be here when
the ceremony's done.
(EXHALES)
(DOOR OPENING)
(DOOR CLOSING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
CHILD: Anghkooey.
(GASPS)
Anghkooey.
CHILDREN:
(WHISPERING. CHANTING)
Anghkooey.
Anghkooey. Anghkooey.
CHILDREN: (CHANTING)
Anghkooey.
Anghkooey. Anghkooey.
Anghkooey! Anghkooey!
Anghkooey!
(CICADAS BUZZING)
Did your mother
say anything else
about the children?
How was she gonna
save them?
I don't know.
All she said
was that
they needed her.
It's... It should be
right... right here.
No. no. no. no. These...
These trees weren't...
Hey. hey. hey.
It was a long
time ago. Victor.
Maybe...
Maybe we took
the wrong turn.
(GLASS CLINKING)
Over... Over here.
(CICADAS BUZZING.
GLASS CLINKING)
Who put
the bottles there?
I don't know.
This is where
I found her.
Your mom?
Yeah. after everyone died.
I came looking for her.
Her body was...
She didn't make it
into the tree.
What do you mean
into the tree?
Oh.
Come.
It's a faraway tree.
The night the monsters
got into Colony House.
Julie said you both
escaped by climbing
into a tree.
They always take
you different places.
and you never know
where you'll end up.
but my mother said
this one was special.
That it would
take her to the tower.
to the children.
And then what?
Uh...
That's all I remember.
Oh. Yeah. Here.
I...
I put some snacks
inside for you.
Here.
Thank you. Victor.
Yeah.
Does it hurt
to go through?
No. it's just like
walking through a door.
Okay.
Mm.
Okay. Thank you.
Now go back to town.
Be careful.
Yeah.
(CICADAS BUZZING)
(BOTTLES CLINKING)
Oh. my God.
What are we doing?
He wanted it
to be a surprise.
He wanted what
to be a surprise?
You're always saying
that this view makes
even this place
look like a dream.
so I figured.
Is this okay?
This is perfect.
Hey. why don't
we just go get him?
He's got a lot
on his mind.
you know?
Sheriff Stevens!
You made it.
What. are you
kidding me?
Wild horses
couldn't stop me.
(CHUCKLES)
Okay.
Let's get this show
on the road.
Okay. wait. Um...
I know it's not
much of an aisle.
but would you
do me the honour?
All right. you ready?
Yeah.
And you don't have
to call me Sheriff
Stevens anymore.
Okay.
Shall we?
(EXHALES SHAKILY)
(EXHALES)
Ladies first.
Okay. Um...
My father had a saying.
Well. he had
a lot of sayings.
actually. but...
(ALL LAUGHING)
Um. my favourite
one was always...
"Life is a journey
through the unknown.
"and though your eyes
and mind may sometimes
"deceive you.
your heart
will never lie."
My heart's belonged
to you since
the moment I met you.
You're the love of my life.
for as long as
that life may last.
So. will you.
Ellis Stevens.
do me the honour
of being my husband?
I will.
(EXHALES)
I made you something.
Your turn.
(LAUGHING)
Oh. it's a tough act
to follow.
(LAUGHS)
Um...
The day my family
and I saw that tree.
our lives changed forever.
But the day that I saw
you get out of that car.
that's the day that
my life really began.
There have been
so many times here
where I felt...
like I was stumbling
in the dark.
But each
and every time.
you were the light
that guided me through.
You are my love.
You are my home.
You are my light
in dark places.
So...
(CLEARS THROAT)
Will you.
Fatima Hassan-Rostami...
Will you do me the honour
of being my wife?
I will.
Well. the rules
say we kiss now.
(BOTH LAUGHING. CRYING)
DONNA: Boyd?
Where'd you go?
ELLIS: Are you
okay. Dad?
Light in dark places.
I gotta go.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
It's okay.
Okay.
Oh. Gosh.
I love you guys.
All right?
Love you. too.
(EXHALES)
Will we get to see
Thomas again?
What?
If we die.
Will we get to see
Thomas again?
Yeah.
Yeah. we will.
Grandpa. too?
Grandpa. too.
Maybe it won't be
so bad then.
She likes to sleep
with two pillows.
(STAMMERS)
Let me help you.
(RACKING SHOTGUN)
Hey. Reggie?
You did this.
Everything was fine
until you went
into the forest.
Hey.
You're the reason
all this is happening!
Okay. hey. hey.
Listen. listen to me!
Listen to me.
I know you don't
understand this.
I know.
but I think
this torch.
right here.
I think this is gonna
help me fix this.
(FIRES GUN)
(CRIES OUT)
I'm sorry. Boyd.
(RACKING SHOTGUN)
I always liked you.
(FIRES GUN)
(SHOUTS)
God!
(GRUNTING)
Oh. fucking!
(PANTING)
Fuck!
(CICADAS BUZZING)
(GRUNTING)
Fuck.
Motherfuck... Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck.
(GRUNTS)
(LIGHTER FLICKS)
Come on.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
What?
(VOICES MOANING)
Julie! Hey. Julie!
Hey. Julie. Hey. Julie.
Can you hear me?
Can you...
I'm gonna get you
out of here.
I'll get you
outta here.
I'm gonna get you
outta here right now.
We're getting outta here.
(MUSIC BOX CLICKS AND PLAYS)
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
Boyd!
Please. Destroying
that box isn't gonna
end their suffering.
You'll only prolong it.
No. I...
People in this town
will suffer.
in ways you can't
even imagine.
They're all gonna die.
screaming.
(RANDALL. MARI.
AND JULIE SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING)
What's wrong with her?
Hey!
It's okay.
ETHAN: What's wrong?
What's wrong with her?
Honey! Honey.
please. please.
(SCREAMING)
You think you need
to be the hero.
to be responsible.
to save them.
You don't have
to suffer anymore.
to be afraid.
It's okay.
None of this matters.
We can be together.
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
I miss you
so much.
(GASPS)
Wait. so. look. stop.
So. so whatever
this thing is.
it just lets you
come in here
for a little chat?
It knows you won't listen.
It wants you to fight.
It wants you to
have hope that
you could actually win!
Why?
'Cause hope is
what makes you
willing to suffer.
Hope is what
sent you out into
the woods that day.
Hope is what made
you leave me alone
when I needed you most.
It's not your fear
that feeds
the forest. Boyd.
It's hope.
(JULIE. RANDALL.
AND MARI SCREAMING)
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
Let it go. Boyd.
If they don't die today.
they'll just die tomorrow.
(MUSIC BOX PLAYING)
(PRISONERS SCREAMING)
No.
(MARI. RANDALL.
AND JULIE SCREAMING)
(SHOUTS)
(GASPS. COUGHS)
Julie!
Oh. you're okay. Hey.
(COUGHING)
Marielle. hey.
Hi!
What's going on?
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
Oh. honey.
She's okay.
JULIE: Oh. my God.
Your sister's okay.
Hi. baby. It's okay.
It's okay. yes.
(SOBBING)
(BREATHING UNSTEADILY)
Fuck you. motherfucker.
(GRUNTING)
You don't break me.
You hear that?
You don't fucking
break me!
(BARKING)
Drink this.
I'm fine.
I know you are.
Do it for me.
There's
no more buzzing.
Does that mean
it's over?
I sure hope so.
Dad?
Where's Mom?
CHILD: (WHISPERS)
Anghkooey.
Hello?
CHILD: (WHISPERS)
Anghkooey.
(GEARS CLINKING)
CHILD:
Anghkooey.
I'm sorry.
I really am.
This is the only way.
(SCREAMS)
(BEEPING)
(BEEPING QUICKENS)
Oh.
Just a moment.
(GASPS)
(BEEPING)
Ow.
(MONITOR BUZZES
ALERT RAPIDLY)
WOMAN: How are you feeling?
Where am I?
St. Anthony's Hospital.
I'm Dr. Brody.
Three days ago
a pair of hikers
found you in the woods.
You were lying unconscious
on the side of a trail.
No.
Do you remember
what you were
doing out there?
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
(GASPS)
(CLOSING THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm